So our game is taking shape,
the login functionality is still missing and we'll add it soon,
before we do that I want to show you one pattern which you also sometimes see in code or which you might
want to use if you're having an if condition where you are using some kind of identifier
as I'm doing it here with the mode in attack monster. There we get attack and strong attack as values
for which I check here.
Now that means that in this case, since we receive that here as a parameter in this function, we need to
make sure that whenever we call that function, we do pass in attack or strong attack written exactly
like this and a simple typo like this already will break our function.
Now obviously, we can always find and fix such a typo thereafter but you might want avoid code where
you use string identifiers like this, where you then can mistype.
Now that does not mean that you should avoid string identifiers altogether,
there is just a more elegant way of handling them and that's exactly what I want to show to you now.
What you can always do is you can create some global constants, let's say here at the top of our
file, doesn't technically have to be there,
it just should be done before you start using these constants
but having such global static constants at the top of your file quickly makes it possible for other
developers to understand which key-values this file uses,
which key static values this file uses
and there we could create something like mode, attack and store a string value of attack in there
or alternatively, a number. So you could also have mode attack equal to zero, let's say and also have mode
strong attack where you then store strong attack in there or if you work with numbers instead of
string, mode strong attack might be one,
so a different number then for general attack.
Now what's the idea behind these constants?
The idea is that you can use them in your if condition down there
and also when you call the function because now instead of comparing mode to a hardcoded string here,
we can compare it to mode attack,
so to this constant which of course holds such a string.
The idea is that we have for only type the string once up there
and even if we do mistype here, that doesn't really matter therefore because thereafter we only
refer to this constant in all the places where we want to use this identifier and therefore we avoid
that danger of mistyping.
So here I refer to mode strong attack and therefore
now when we call the function, we pass in mode attack and mode strong attack
and it's way harder for us to mistype the variable or the constant name here because here we get some
IDE support and therefore we avoid this extra error source.
So with that, our code still works exactly as before,
it just should make it easier for us to ensure that we avoid dumb mistakes or dumb typos which might
cost us minutes or hours to find and fix.